PowerShell Help for Microsoft.WinGet.Client (#4674)
microsoft/winget-cli: src/PowerShell/Help/Microsoft.WinGet.Client/Install-WinGetPackage.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Id

Specifies the package identifier.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: FoundSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InstallerType

Specifies the installer type.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.WinGet.Client.PSObjects.PSPackageInstallerType
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: Default, Inno, Wix, Msi, Nullsoft, Zip, Msix, Exe, Burn, MSStore, Portable

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Locale

Specifies the installer locale.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location

Specify the install location. This requires support in the installer.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Log

> Specify the location for the installer log to be written.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the location for the installer log. The value can be a fully-qualified or relative path and
must include the file name. For example: `$env:TEMP\package.log`.
```

### Example 4: Install a specific version of a package

```powershell
Install-WinGetPackage Microsoft.PowerShell -Version 7.4.4.0
```

This example shows how to install a specific version of a package using a query. The command does a
query search for packages matching `Microsoft.PowerShell`. The results of the search a limited to
matches with the version of `7.4.4.0`.

## PARAMETERS

### -AllowHashMismatch

Allows you to download package even when the SHA256 hash for an installer or a dependency does not
match the SHA256 hash in the WinGet package manifest.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Architecture

Specify the processor architecture for the WinGet package installer.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.WinGet.Client.PSObjects.PSProcessorArchitecture
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: Default, X86, Arm, X64, Arm64

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Custom

> Use this paramater to pass additional arguments to the installer. The parameter takes a single

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this parameter to pass additional arguments to the installer. The parameter takes a single
```

Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: Default, Silent, Interactive

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Moniker

Specify the moniker of the WinGet package to install. For example, the moniker for the
Microsoft.PowerShell package is `pwsh`.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: FoundSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name

Specify the name of the package to be installed.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: FoundSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Override

Specify arguments to pass to the installer as a single string. To pass multiple arguments, include
the arguments in the string. The arguments must be provided in the format expected by the installer.
If the string contains spaces, it must be enclosed in quotes. This string overrides the arguments in
the package manifest.

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we clarify the difference with `-Custom`?

Reviewer 3: Updated description for both -Custom and -Override to clarify the difference
